you know if at any time over the past
two decades you've been watching the
Rose Parade you're probably familiar
with the two people I'm about to
introduce this new year's day they're at
it again
for the 2018 Rose Parade hosted by cord
and Tisch streaming for the first time
ever on Amazon Prime
please welcome court hosen back and tich
Cadogan Corden
[Applause]
this is so great I feel like I'm in a
parade right now to see you guys here
together we are not in a parade I know I
talk show how many years total have you
been hosting the Rose Parade 25 it is
such a thrill I mean we started in
Syracuse New York News 4 that's where it
started yes that we did the show on the
jazz station right you're hosting for FM
jazz child radio radio yeah and we even
got a job once describing the parade for
the Deaf yes what deaf huh
you mean the buying right no no the dad
yeah we don't know sign language but
it's it's been bad news and it's real to
be on your show and it's a thrill to
have you here I mean you are you're very
good-looking in person
pictures it's an honor to have you here
I mean this must be must be a record how
many years you've done this parade it's
incredible 25 years and except for 2007
yes what happened in 2007 yeah we don't
know we want to keep it positive google
it later and figure it out um it's been
scrubbed I didn't know that now most of
us see you only on New Year's Day what
do you do the other 364 days of the year
oh gosh well my I'm a fitness and health
expert I also give motivational speeches
oh I'm single by choice and I raise and
breed basset hounds you know what I
think we actually have a photograph of
you with you know what's this guy's name
[Applause]
that's Colonel Mustard Colonel one of
the great things about the Rose Parade
is the of all the flowers I mean there
are just so many flowers how many
flowers are do they have over a thousand
Wow yes yes there are Daisy daffodil
azalea's hydrangea napkins did we say
taffeta here yeah also chrysanthemums
good fan what's the one that they get
the heroin from poppies poppies in fact
Jimmy uh-huh they're gonna be so many
roses used for the Rose Parade that
there won't be a final rose for The
Bachelor is that right dad you should
save for the air probably yeah so this
is the type of fun we have
oh yeah there's regularly even just
socially together huh you socialize with
you - my husband is friends with cord
and I wanted to share to that I am also
my husband's girlfriend and I am my
kid's mom and I also write books on
relationships and codependency I wanted
to give myself a little plug since we're
on national television oh yeah
I met so many years ago but I remember
what I loved about him was his he
smelled so clean he smelled good
sandalwood I did detect a hint of that
actually I use a lot of it well it's
been a real thrill to have you guys here
to see in Jefferson if you'll indulge us
we have one one thing we'd like to but
we have a Christmas CD that we've made
really yes
[Applause]
pitch the season to be Cordy ah that's
very cute and what kind of songs are on
this album
well cord wrote one of them oh really
mostly Christmas classics yeah we
haven't yet gotten the rights for oh
yeah I'm gonna pop this in the car now
you really look forward to your good
love to sing one if you have time I
don't know if you have time
oh yeah
go right ahead cordon Tish everybody
with it
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
on me please have snow and mistletoe
oh the tree
spencey will find me
where the Lovelight gleams
[Music]
[Applause]
where
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
before
[Music]
[Applause]
everyone the Rose Parade
most of my pitch
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die